README.md, before:

# Concordia Software Engineering Course Materials

Welcome to the **Concordia Software Engineering Course Materials** repository! This repository is a comprehensive collection of resources, notes, assignments, and study materials for the **Software Engineering** program at Concordia University. Whether you're a current student, an alum, or just someone interested in software engineering, this repository aims to be a helpful resource for your academic journey.

---

## 📚 Table of Contents

1. [About This Repository](#about-this-repository)
2. [Courses Covered](#courses-covered)
3. [How to Use This Repository](#how-to-use-this-repository)
4. [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Requests](#requests)
7. [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## About This Repository

This repository is a community-driven effort to compile and organize materials related to the **Software Engineering** program at Concordia University. It includes:

- **Lecture Notes**: Summaries and key points from lectures.
- **Assignments**: Problem statements and solutions for assignments.
- **Exam Prep**: Study guides, past exams, and practice questions.
- **Projects**: Code and documentation for course projects.
- **Resources**: Links to textbooks, articles, and online tutorials.

---

## Courses Covered

Below is a list of **all courses** in the Software Engineering program for which materials are available in this repository.
If you have materials for a course not listed here, feel free to contribute!
I spaced them out by course sequence for Fall entry into the Software Engineering Co-op BENG from the concordia website.

### Year 1

- **COMP 232**: Mathematics for Computer Science
- **COMP 248**: Object-Oriented Programming I
- **ENGR 201**: Professional Practice and Responsibility
- **ENGR 213**: Applied Ordinary Differential Equations
- **General Education Elective**

### Year 1 (Winter)

- **COMP 249**: Object-Oriented Programming II
- **ENGR 233**: Applied Advanced Calculus
- **SOEN 228**: System Hardware
- **SOEN 287**: Web Programming
- **Engineering and Natural Science Group: Software Engineering**

### Year 1 (Summer)

- **COMP 348**: Principles of Programming Languages
- **COMP 352**: Data Structures and Algorithms
- **ENCS 282**: Technical Writing and Communication
- **ENGR 202**: Sustainable Development and Environmental Stewardship
- **ENGR 371**: Probability and Statistics in Engineering

### Year 2 (Fall)

- **Work Term 1**

### Year 2 (Winter)

- **COMP 346**: Operating Systems
- **ELEC 275**: Principles of Electrical Engineering
- **SOEN 331**: Formal Methods for Software Engineering
- **SOEN 341**: Software Process and Practices

### Year 2 (Summer)

- **Work Term 2**

### Year 3 (Fall)

- **COMP 335**: Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science
- **SOEN 342**: Software Requirements and Deployment
- **SOEN 343**: Software Architecture and Design
- **SOEN 384**: Management, Measurement and Quality Control

### Year 3 (Winter)

- **SOEN 363**: Data Systems for Software Engineers
- **SOEN 345**: Software Testing, Verification and Quality Assurance
- **SOEN 357**: User Interface Design
- **SOEN 390**: Software Engineering Team Design Project
- **Elective***

### Year 3 (Summer)

- **Work Term 3**

### Year 4 (Fall)

- **ENGR 301**: Engineering Management Principles and Economics
- **SOEN 321**: Information Systems Security
- **SOEN 490**: Capstone Software Engineering Design Project
- **Elective***

### Year 4 (Winter)

- **ENGR 392**: Impact of Technology on Society
- **ENGR 391**: Numerical Methods in Engineering
- **SOEN 490**: Capstone Software Engineering Design Project
- **Elective***

---

## How to Use This Repository

1. **Browse by Course**: Navigate to the folder corresponding to the course you're interested in.
2. **Download Materials**: Download lecture notes, assignments, or other resources directly.
3. **Contribute**: If you have materials to add, follow the [contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines) below.
4. **Star the Repository**: If you find this repository helpful, give it a ⭐ to show your support!

---

## Contribution Guidelines

We welcome contributions from anyone! If you have materials that could benefit others, please follow these steps:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Create a fork of this repository to your GitHub account.
2. **Add Your Materials**: Organize your materials in the appropriate course folder. If a folder doesn't exist, create one.
3. **Submit a Pull Request**: Once you've added your materials, submit a pull request with a brief description of what you've added.
4. **Follow Best Practices**:
   - Ensure files are well-organized and named clearly.
   - Avoid uploading copyrighted materials (e.g., textbooks, official solutions).
   - Use Markdown for notes and README files.

---

## Requests

If you are having a hard time fining what you need, you can make a request to try and find course materials.
Either make a pull request or contact me directly and I will do my best to help.

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). By contributing, you agree to license your materials under the same license.

---

## Acknowledgments

A big thank you to all the contributors who have shared their materials to make this repository a valuable resource for the Concordia Software Engineering community!
Note that all documents here have either been found on the internet or shared by others. I am not responsible for any document that may reveal sensitive or private information.
If such an occurence has taken place, please contact me and I will remove the offending documents asap.

---

Happy learning! 🚀  
If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or reach out to the maintainers.

Commit message:

added formatter, and formatted all documents

README.md, after:

# Concordia Software Engineering Course Materials

Welcome to the **Concordia Software Engineering Course Materials** repository! This repository is a comprehensive collection of resources, notes, assignments, and study materials for the **Software Engineering** program at Concordia University. Whether you're a current student, an alum, or just someone interested in software engineering, this repository aims to be a helpful resource for your academic journey.

---

## 📚 Table of Contents

1. [About This Repository](#about-this-repository)
2. [Courses Covered](#courses-covered)
3. [How to Use This Repository](#how-to-use-this-repository)
4. [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
5. [License](#license)
6. [Requests](#requests)
7. [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## About This Repository

This repository is a community-driven effort to compile and organize materials related to the **Software Engineering** program at Concordia University. It includes:

- **Lecture Notes**: Summaries and key points from lectures.
- **Assignments**: Problem statements and solutions for assignments.
- **Exam Prep**: Study guides, past exams, and practice questions.
- **Projects**: Code and documentation for course projects.
- **Resources**: Links to textbooks, articles, and online tutorials.

---

## Courses Covered

Below is a list of **all courses** in the Software Engineering program for which materials are available in this repository.
If you have materials for a course not listed here, feel free to contribute!
I spaced them out by course sequence for Fall entry into the Software Engineering Co-op BENG from the concordia website.

### Year 1

- **COMP 232**: Mathematics for Computer Science
- **COMP 248**: Object-Oriented Programming I
- **ENGR 201**: Professional Practice and Responsibility
- **ENGR 213**: Applied Ordinary Differential Equations
- **General Education Elective**

### Year 1 (Winter)

- **COMP 249**: Object-Oriented Programming II
- **ENGR 233**: Applied Advanced Calculus
- **SOEN 228**: System Hardware
- **SOEN 287**: Web Programming
- **Engineering and Natural Science Group: Software Engineering**

### Year 1 (Summer)

- **COMP 348**: Principles of Programming Languages
- **COMP 352**: Data Structures and Algorithms
- **ENCS 282**: Technical Writing and Communication
- **ENGR 202**: Sustainable Development and Environmental Stewardship
- **ENGR 371**: Probability and Statistics in Engineering

### Year 2 (Fall)

- **Work Term 1**

### Year 2 (Winter)

- **COMP 346**: Operating Systems
- **ELEC 275**: Principles of Electrical Engineering
- **SOEN 331**: Formal Methods for Software Engineering
- **SOEN 341**: Software Process and Practices

### Year 2 (Summer)

- **Work Term 2**

### Year 3 (Fall)

- **COMP 335**: Introduction to Theoretical Computer Science
- **SOEN 342**: Software Requirements and Deployment
- **SOEN 343**: Software Architecture and Design
- **SOEN 384**: Management, Measurement and Quality Control

### Year 3 (Winter)

- **SOEN 363**: Data Systems for Software Engineers
- **SOEN 345**: Software Testing, Verification and Quality Assurance
- **SOEN 357**: User Interface Design
- **SOEN 390**: Software Engineering Team Design Project
- **Elective***

### Year 3 (Summer)

- **Work Term 3**

### Year 4 (Fall)

- **ENGR 301**: Engineering Management Principles and Economics
- **SOEN 321**: Information Systems Security
- **SOEN 490**: Capstone Software Engineering Design Project
- **Elective***

### Year 4 (Winter)

- **ENGR 392**: Impact of Technology on Society
- **ENGR 391**: Numerical Methods in Engineering
- **SOEN 490**: Capstone Software Engineering Design Project
- **Elective***

---

## How to Use This Repository

1. **Browse by Course**: Navigate to the folder corresponding to the course you're interested in.
2. **Download Materials**: Download lecture notes, assignments, or other resources directly.
3. **Contribute**: If you have materials to add, follow the [contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines) below.
4. **Star the Repository**: If you find this repository helpful, give it a ⭐ to show your support!

---

## Contribution Guidelines

We welcome contributions from anyone! If you have materials that could benefit others, please follow these steps:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Create a fork of this repository to your GitHub account.
2. **Add Your Materials**: Organize your materials in the appropriate course folder. If a folder doesn't exist, create one. If you have any names you want to remove, or if the file is too large to fit on github, you will have to run the python script to remove them. See the [python script](#script) to remove them.
3. **Submit a Pull Request**: Once you've added your materials, submit a pull request with a brief description of what you've added.
4. **Follow Best Practices**:
   - Ensure files are well-organized and named clearly.
   - Avoid uploading copyrighted materials (e.g., textbooks, official solutions).
   - Use Markdown for notes and README files.

---

## Script

This script will remove any names, emails, phone numbers, etc. that you may not want to share. It will also make sure the content of the files fit into github's maximum 100MB file limit size. If programming and scripting is not in your domain, you do not have to do this step. Instead, open a pull request and I will run it for you. If you have the big brains to start scripting, follow these steps:

1. Download [python](https://www.python.org/)
2. Install the required dependencies for this project by opening a terminal (command prompt on windows) and run:

```bash
pip install pymupdf pypdf
```

3. Open the [formatter.py](formatter.py) file and edit the list called **NAMES_TO_REMOVE**. Using the format provided, add the names, emails and anything else you want to remove.

4. To run the script, open a command prompt in the current directory of the git repo. This means when you run the commands `dir` or `ls` in your terminal, it will show all the course folders. If so, run the following command to execute the script:

```bash
python formatter.py
# If the above command does not work, or says 'python' is not a known command, run:
python3 formatter.py
```

## Requests

If you are having a hard time fining what you need, you can make a request to try and find course materials.
Either make a pull request or contact me directly and I will do my best to help.

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). By contributing, you agree to license your materials under the same license.

---

## Acknowledgments

A big thank you to all the contributors who have shared their materials to make this repository a valuable resource for the Concordia Software Engineering community!
Note that all documents here have either been found on the internet or shared by others. I am not responsible for any document that may reveal sensitive or private information.
If such an occurence has taken place, please contact me and I will remove the offending documents asap.

---

Happy learning! 🚀  
If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or reach out to the maintainers.
